# ReadMePro

## Description 

This code is a command-line application that generates a README.md file based on user input about their project. The user is prompted with questions about their project, and the answers are then used to create a markdown file with a proper format and structure.

## User Story

As a developer, 
I WANT to create a well-formatted README.md file for my project, 
So that I can provide necessary information about my project to potential users or contributors in a clear and concise manner.

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README




## Deployed URL

Please find a walkthrough video of the application here:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_3tnzqK1tQ3w818uw3Np3FilPgK45VW-/view?usp=sharing

https://watch.screencastify.com/v/lnqqG0TcdrrBlx1ADWQs

Please find a sample README.md file generated by my application here:

https://github.com/bragceo/ReadMePro/tree/master/readme-gen



## How the Code Works

The code can be divided into two parts:

index.js: This file contains the main logic for the application. It imports necessary packages (Inquirer, fs, and generateMarkdown), sets up an array of questions, and defines functions to write the file and initialize the application. The init() function prompts the user for input using Inquirer, then generates a markdown string using the generateMarkdown() function, and finally writes the markdown string to a README.md file.
generateMarkdown.js: This file contains functions to generate a markdown string based on the user input. It has functions to render the license badge, license link, and license section depending on the selected license. The main function, generateMarkdown(), uses the data received from the user to create a markdown string with a formatted structure including sections like Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions. This file exports the generateMarkdown function which is used in index.js.

 
 
## How to run the application
 
You can run the application by running this command in the application directory
node index.js
 
Node.js must be installed to make it work.
 
Answer the questions that appear and after that the output will be in README.mds



## Special Thanks 

Shout out to the awesome Instructors and TAs who worked with me through numerous challenges. These indiviudals include: Diego, Enrique Gomes, and Erik Hoverstein. 






## Authors 

Lavell Juan<br>


## Credits 

N/a

## Liscense 

Please refer to liscense in repo 
